1. Relational database (MySQL) without ORM
As soon I started writing the code I faced the problem of having to first create the database
with all the tables and the correct relations between then. And even though this is a simple
example I still didn't like that I ended up spending more time writing SQL than the actual code.

A lot of time was spent on creating custom template SQL statements for each object and for each necessary CRUD command.

TLDR: I would prefer to use an ORM so that I didn't have to think about sql and could concentrate on coding.

---------------------------------------------------
2. Relational database (MySQL) with ORM (Sequelize)

Sequelize allowed me to remove
those ugly template SQL statements, which made my code look so much cleaner.
Unfortunately I still needed to define my model manually in code, as Sequelize doesn't support model import/auto-generation.
Learning how use Sequelize and debugging mistakes that I had defining my model took just as much time as SQL writing so
no time win here. But it should speed up the process for the future re-use.

Things to keep in mind: of course every ORM adds a little overhead as well as can't always handle complex SQL statements
but for such a small project this is not an issue.

TLDR: ORM makes code neater and created an abstraction over SQL. I prefer it that way, because I don't like mixing SQL
into code.

---------------------------------------------------
3. Non-Relational database (MongoDB)

Mongodb speeded up the development and gave me more flexibility because I didn't have to
define schema.

Fazzit: more flexible due to the absence of schema

---------------------------------------------------
4. Non-Relational database (MongoDB) with ODM (Mongoose)

Since there is no SQL I honestly didn't feel any benefits from Mongoose. It added the overhead
of setting it up and I guess it is neat to have your data validated. But schema validation is also
supported in MongoDb since 3.2 so why do we need Mongoose? Also putting a rigid structure and defining schema
in NoSQL defeats the purpose of NoSQL I'd think?

Fazzit: I don't know why would I want to use Mongoose